README.md, before:

# MassaStation Plugin Store

MassaLabs' official plugin list available for MassaStation.

## How to add your plugin:

1. Prepare your plugin with the following information:

- **name**: 30 characters max
- **author**: 30 characters max
- **description**: 80 characters max
- **logo**: square image file, 40x40 pixels max in the assets/<plugin-name> folder.
- **massaStationVersion** : indicate the requirements for the MassaStation version. Example: `>= 0.1.0`
  > Note: the <plugin-name> folder name must be [slugified](https://www.npmjs.com/package/slugify), i.e. dashes instead of spaces, avoid special characters.
- **assets**: a **_url_** to a zip file, and the corresponding **_checksum_** for the following OS:
  - **_windows_**
  - **_linux_**
  - **_macos-arm64_**
  - **_macos-amd64_**
- **url**: the plugin GitHub repository URL.

2. Add your logo to the assets folder:

   - Create a folder with your plugin assets: `mkdir assets/<plugin-name>`
   - Add your logo to the folder: `cp <logo-path> assets/<plugin-name>/<logo-name>` (or just drag and drop it into the folder).

3. Edit the `plugins.json` file to add your plugin information following the template below:

```json
{
  "name": "Plugin name - 30 characters",
  "author": "Plugin author - 30 characters",
  "description": "Plugin description - 80 characters",
  "logo": "Plugin logo URL - 40 pixels",
  "massaStationVersion": "MassaStation version requirements",
  "assets": {
    "windows": {
      "url": "Plugin zip URL for Windows",
      "checksum": "ZIP file MD5 sum"
    },
    "linux": {
      "url": "Plugin zip URL for Linux",
      "checksum": "ZIP file MD5 sum"
    },
    "macos-arm64": {
      "url": "Plugin zip URL for macOS Darwin ARM64",
      "checksum": "ZIP file MD5 sum"
    },
    "macos-amd64": {
      "url": "Plugin zip URL for macOS Darwin AMD64",
      "checksum": "ZIP file MD5 sum"
    }
  },
  "version": "6.6.6",
  "url": "Plugin GitHub repository URL"
},

```

4. Make a pull request to submit your contribution to the MassaLabs team for approval.

## security checks

In order to be approved, your plugin code will be audited by the Massalabs team.
The provided checksums will be verified against the zip files url provided.

Commit message:

Add checksum writing in readme

README.md, after:

# MassaStation Plugin Store

MassaLabs' official plugin list available for MassaStation.

## How to add your plugin:

1. Prepare your plugin with the following information:

- **name**: 30 characters max
- **author**: 30 characters max
- **description**: 80 characters max
- **logo**: square image file, 40x40 pixels max in the assets/<plugin-name> folder.
- **massaStationVersion** : indicate the requirements for the MassaStation version. Example: `>= 0.1.0`
  > Note: the <plugin-name> folder name must be [slugified](https://www.npmjs.com/package/slugify), i.e. dashes instead of spaces, avoid special characters.
- **assets**: a **_url_** to a zip file, and the corresponding **_checksum_** for the following OS:
  - **_windows_**
  - **_linux_**
  - **_macos-arm64_**
  - **_macos-amd64_**
- **url**: the plugin GitHub repository URL.

2. Add your logo to the assets folder:

   - Create a folder with your plugin assets: `mkdir assets/<plugin-name>`
   - Add your logo to the folder: `cp <logo-path> assets/<plugin-name>/<logo-name>` (or just drag and drop it into the folder).

3. Edit the `plugins.json` file to add your plugin information following the template below. you can keek the checksum field empty:

```json
{
  "name": "Plugin name - 30 characters",
  "author": "Plugin author - 30 characters",
  "description": "Plugin description - 80 characters",
  "logo": "Plugin logo URL - 40 pixels",
  "massaStationVersion": "MassaStation version requirements",
  "assets": {
    "windows": {
      "url": "Plugin zip URL for Windows",
      "checksum": "ZIP file MD5 sum"
    },
    "linux": {
      "url": "Plugin zip URL for Linux",
      "checksum": "ZIP file MD5 sum"
    },
    "macos-arm64": {
      "url": "Plugin zip URL for macOS Darwin ARM64",
      "checksum": "ZIP file MD5 sum"
    },
    "macos-amd64": {
      "url": "Plugin zip URL for macOS Darwin AMD64",
      "checksum": "ZIP file MD5 sum"
    }
  },
  "version": "6.6.6",
  "url": "Plugin GitHub repository URL"
},

```
4. Generate the checksums : `npm run write-checksum your-plugin-name slugified`
> replace spaces in the plugin name by dashes to execute this command
5. Make a pull request to submit your contribution to the MassaLabs team for approval.

## security checks

In order to be approved, your plugin code will be audited by the Massalabs team.
The provided checksums will be verified against the zip files url provided.
